style guide (#89)
Ada-Developers-Academy/ada-precourse-v2: preparing-for-ada/python-style.md

The style in our code is just as important as the code itself. Programmers use code standards along with company style guides to ensure that all programmers are using the same style. Code with good style is easy to read, understand, and modify.

At Ada, we will be using the [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) coding style guide. 

We encourage you to look it over and your instructors will be referring to it when we make comments on your coding style.

Some highlights include:

* **[4-space indentation](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/#id17)** - Use 4 spaces per indentation level.
  * Use spaces not tabs to indent

>     * Note that this is the recommendation in the [PEP8 coding style guide](https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/#tabs-or-spaces). However, one reason we may chose not to follow this guideline is accessibility. Folks who need to display the text larger will find that spaces can consume a great deal of horizontal space, and thus may prefer a tab that can be adjusted by the editor.

Reviewer: The width that learn uses for content awkwardly wraps the period to the next line on its own. Cutting 'Note that ' results in a nicer wrap. Also, I included a link to a reddit thread that seems to be the start of the tabs as accessibility awareness from a few years ago. Not sure if we want to use  it, but thought I'd toss it out there.
```suggestion
    * This is the recommendation in the [PEP8 coding style guide](https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/#tabs-or-spaces). However, one reason we may chose not to follow this guideline is [accessibility](https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/c8drjo/nobody_talks_about_the_real_reason_to_use_tabs/). Folks who need to display the text larger will find that spaces can consume a great deal of horizontal space, and thus may prefer a tab that can be adjusted by the editor.
```
